# payMe-Project
payMe is a technical solution initiated by some concerned Nigerians aimed to catalyze the innate desire in humans to fairly compete in an intellectual learning exercise. payMe is structured to more than engage users to learn but to incentivize users to be compelled to strive to achieve desired results on set targets. That in fact is the excelling value of payMe over competitions.  payMe is originally a web2 play-to-earn (P2E) gaming application upgraded to a hybrid platform by the adoption of the platform's native utility token for incentivizing success among the quizzers. Play-to-earn (P2E) games are online games that guarantee rewards with real-world value to players for completing given task in a contest with other players. It comes with different structure and rewarding system. In the blockchain ecosystem, these rewards can be in the form of in-game assets like crypto tokens, virtual land, as well as the game assets (weapons, tools etc.) and other NFTs. The advent of web3 and its decentralized nature made it possible for players to buy, transfer and sell these in-game assets, outside of the games's traditional platform in exchange for real money.   payMe is designed to encourage knowledge development using incentivization of success. payMe serve as cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) to users who are psychogically affected by the disturbing examination malpractice permitted in the system, with the learn to earn functionality that catalyzes users desire to aspire to be the best in a transparent and meritorious form of testing knowledgeability.   The transparent, honest, and undisputed fairness in determination of examinations success, aim also to promote hardwork as valuable asset to success as against luck dependency, in a society that eligizes game-of-chance about competency test.  The Service  payMe is designed for every interested adult netizen. The service is web-based and a communal crowdfunding scheme. The game is a test of knowledge, interactive quizzing in a multi-choice questions type. payMe™ is designed to play on web browsers enabling desktop and mobile applications.  payMe is intentionally created with meritorious rewarding functionality to differ from the original pattern of the gaming industry, which is famously circumscribed by randomly selection of winners in a game of chance that is luck dependent. It is technically structured as an anti-gambling game with superlative uniqueness that distinguished it among competing brands.  payMe is an ongoing concern product that will continue to meet users demands that aligns with our believes, principles and goals.  The Service's Aim and Objectives  The service's core aim is to create economic opportunities using ethical functionalities in a democratized software.  Other objectives are:  to incentivise intellectual competence.  to encourage healthy and fair competition in the field of learning. to promote edifying research habits among scholars using the platform. to provide alternative healthy empowerment platform for gamesters suffering from addiction The Economic Benefit  There are so many economic benefits to be derived from the payMe™ product brand.  payMe guarantees regular, sustainable fiscal empowerment to users. It is a healthy alternative means of rewarding users’ passion in games. payMe is designed with the ability to enhance valuable learning exercises. Engaging in the contest can help in the reduction of common crimes incidental to youths. The Playing System  The console adopts the multiple-choice questions type to create an interactive quizzing format. It offers online learning capabilities that cover extensive information on various academic subjects and soccer (FIFA competitions, leagues, and clubs’ activities). The service features an interactive learning interface and an intuitive time-bound quiz contest amongst participants.  The service is deliberately created to differ from the original pattern of the gaming industry, which is luck-dependent, to an intellectual development contest. By this, payMe™ is ethical. Though it entails the use of cash to gain access, however, it guarantees much value for the little Token expended on every entry.  payMe™ is designed to play on web browsers enabling desktop and mobile applications. It is playable everywhere with internet access on PC, Laptop, mobile phones, and other devices, if supported. Its technicality and structure make it superlatively unique among competing brands. payMe™ is an ongoing-concerned revolutionary software.  The Process  payMe™ can be subscribed to online. It entails an initial free membership registration and thereafter funding of a personal wallet with the platform’s native utility asset – the payME Pay Token (payME)  Contestants automatically qualify to either make use of the premium entry to the quiz contest or use the payment option.  Any of the quiz contests is a set of Ten (10) objective intra-changeable questions. Contestants are expected to provide correct answers to the questions within the swiftest timeframe. Each contestant’s result is displayed after the last question is answered on the contestants’ quiz page and thereafter, updated on the general result page.  Weekly participation is limitless for contestants entering as regular quizzers but limited to 10 entries for the premium contestants. Only the best result amongst a Quizzer’s several attempts is registered for the contestant despite when it’s played each week. The first ranked 5% of the weekly contestants based on the most correct answers provided within the swiftest timeframe wins.  The Playing Schedule  Contests start every Monday at 12 am and end Saturday at 11.59 pm. From 12 am to 11.59 pm every Sunday, results are automatically displayed on the Result Page.  The Web Portal Interface and Functions  The web/mobile app has interactive interfaces and modules that help Quizzers easily glide through their activities. Some of these modules are described below:  a. Wallet: A participant is expected to link his personal blockchain wallet after registration and fund it to enable him gain access to games. Only a decentralized crypto wallet is accepted.  b. Quiz: This is 10 revolving questions, each having 4 objectives with 1 possible answer. When entering as a regular quizzer, once the play (ACE or COS) quiz button is clicked, $0.50 worth of payME Token will be debited from the quizzer’s wallet and credited to the platform’s wallet. Next, intra-changeable questions from the Question Bank will be appearing in non sequence routine. Quizzers are expected to provide the correct answers to each of the 10 questions as fast as they could and within 18 seconds. Immediately, after answering the 10th question, the quizzer’s result will display automatically on both the quizzing page and the general result dashboard.  c. Tutorial Quiz: As the name implies, this is a free gaming zone created to enable holders of payMe token who may not want to engage in the contest, but want to improve their intellect through quizzing on the platform. However, the user must have payMe token worth $50 USD in his/her personal connected wallet to gain free access at anytime.   d. Result Dashboard: this is a general result center for all Contestants. It updates automatically after each game is played during the play period, and according to the most correct answers within the swiftest time frame. That means that if a million quizzers scored 100/100, the system will display their result according to the fastest to answer the entire question using nanoseconds (an SI unit of time equal to one billionth of a second) in computing. So, be rest assured that it is impractical and impossible for 2 Quizzers to tally in the result. This makes payMe unique in the way winners are determined – fastest finger first!  Updating of the dashboard however is programmed to freeze once it is 12 am every Sunday to determine the winners by publishing the result of the past week until 12 am on Monday when it continues its routine update.  Available Rewards  PayMe weekly quiz contest will commence by 12:00AM on Mondays and close by 11:59PM on Saturdays. Results are auto displayed on Sundays. the top most 5% of the participants are declared winners weekly and they are incentivized in ranges of:  1. The topmost 20% of the Winners earn 40% of the total revenue allocation to incentivizing pool in an equal share.  2. While the remaining 80% of the Winners earn 60% of the revenue share on an equal distribution rate.  Practically, whatever revenue is generated weekly, 50% is automatically remitted to the incentivizing pool wallet and from there, the topmost 5% of the total participants are rewarded in the following ratio: 40% is equally shared to the topmost 20% while 60% is equally shared to the rest 80% of the winners.  Winners claim button would automatically turn green by 12am every Sunday and they can claim their prizes themselves from their dashboard.   Every Year, each of the 10 most intelligent Quizzers, drawn from the 52 weeks’ cumulative results of all participants in the ACE Quiz contests are rewarded with a Scholarship Award worth $1000 USDT in payME Token. Criteria is participating in every week of play.  Cost of Play  Cost of Game  $0.50 worth of payME Token per game entry or with a single weekly subscription with payMe token worth $5.  NB: The rewards are available for each quizzer's claim from Sunday at 12 am (according to the Nigerian calendar and time).
